{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red202\green202\blue202;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11420\viewh9720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The program is designed to automatically update the user with relevant news, weather and covid 19 information as well as allow the user to set alarms that read out announcements. In the program, the user has options within the config.json file to add preferences to the code. The alarms are set up to allow the user to input 4 different variations of alarms. They can select one of these options that displays on the left the name that they input for the alarm and the time that the alarm is going off. If the user selects the news check box only, the alarm will read out the label of the alarm and the title of the news articles that have not been deleted or if there is a filter in place, will only read out articles that are within the filter. The user can select to read out the news which will read out the label of the alarm and the weather of the current day. The user can also select to read out the news and weather at the same time in the same alarm which will read out the label, weather discretion and the title of each news articles that fit within the filter and if they haven\'92t been deleted yet.\
\
Within the config.json file, the user has options to personalise the program with 10 different inputs. For changing the weather data, they can insert their api key, change location and the measurement. All these variables can be changed to get the weather information from any location. All different locations and changes can be found on https://openweathermap.org/current. The user can also change the inputs for the news. The user can input their api key, change the url and change the country that they receive the news from. All locations and changes can be found on https://newsapi.org. The user can also change the location and area type for the cover api. All changes can be found on https://publichealthengland.github.io/coronavirus-dashboard-api-python-sdk/. Finally, the user can also decide by having a cover filter for the news called news_covid_filter on the config.json file and can change the covid threshold called covid_theshold. The news filter takes 1 of 2 arguments either \'93yes\'94 or \'93no\'94. This adds a filter to the news function to only receive and display news from the api that are related to covid 19. The threshold takes a integer value and is used in that if the new covid cases for that day exceeds that threshold, the program will announce that the new cases has exceeded that threshold. Within the config.json file, options have already been preset but can be changed according to the users demands.\
\
The program also returns a log file called ca3.log which logs all inputs and errors that may occur. To run the program pyttsx3, flask, uk_covid19, requests and datetime have to be installed, once they have been installed run main.py and go to http://127.0.0.1:5000/. All data comes from the 3 url links listed above.\
\
https://github.com/willconno1234/ca3.git is the link to find the GitHub download.
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}